# TermProject
Term Project repo

The Big Idea: What is the main idea of your project? What topics will you explore and what will you generate? What is your minimum viable product? What is a stretch goal?

Our main idea is to create a music livestreaming website which will livestream music generated by a Deep Learning model hosted on AWS. To do so, we need to design a cloud architecture/workload, work with requests/HTML things for the website, and undertake an interesting data science project at the same time. The MVP is a website which livestreams a very simple, stats/ML based novel music generated on the front-end. A stretch goal is some sort of novel architecture or development, although more realistically we wlil probably fine-tune somebody else's (open-sourced) pretrained model.

Learning Goals: Since this is a team project, you may want to articulate both shared and individual learning goals.

We both wish to implement a deep learning model, learn AWS, perhaps learn flask and learn how to deal with requests on the website.


Implementation Plan: this will probably be pretty vague initially. Perhaps at this early juncture you will have identified a library or a framework that you think will be useful for your project. If you don't have any idea how you will implement your project, provide a rough plan for how you will determine this information.

We need to research web hosting + the music livestreaming format. For DL, we intend to use Pytorch (only tensorflow if needed for a particular model). If we build something that needs the compute power, we will use AWS, as well as perhaps learning Flask for the website's server.

Project schedule: You have 8 weeks (roughly) to finish the project. Sketch out a rough schedule for completing the project. Depending on your project, you may be able to do this in great specificity or you may only be able to give a broad outline. Additionally, longer projects come with increased uncertainty, and this schedule will likely need to be refined along the way.

Week 1-2:
Planning:
Possible model architectures
Research
Full Design
Week 3-4:
Have our data
Train first rond of models
Barebones front-end

Week 5-6:
Follow-up on model training results
Explore novel ideas
Finish Frontend

Week 7-8:
Testing, Bugfixing, Surplus time for earlier ideas going wrong

Collaboration plan: How do you plan to collaborate with your teammates on this project? Will you split tasks up, complete them independently, and then integrate? Will you pair program the entire thing? Make sure to articulate your plan for successfully working together as a team. This might also include information about any software development methodologies you plan to use (e.g. agile development). Make sure to make clear why you are choosing this particular organizational structure.

-Biweekly Meetings
  -Review progress
  -set goals for next week
  -Use notion to track goals
  -Agile
 
 -Slack channel for stuff that comes up
 
Risks: What do you view as the biggest risks to the success of this project?
-Model Failure
-Website is harder than we thought


Additional Course Content: What are some topics that we might cover in class that you think would be especially helpful for your project?

Object-Oriented programming may prove useful.


